README.md, before:

#Calculator
This is a simple java application written to evaluate mathematical expressions.
			
*Calculator* can evaluate simple arithmetic expressions, using the operators (`+`, `-`, `*`, `/`, `^`(power)), as well as 
parenthesis (`(`, `)`).	*Calculator* follows the BODMAS rule.

Following are some valid expressions : 
```
	1 + 1			=>		 2.0
	1 * (2 + 3)		=>		 5.0
	10 * (64 ^ -0.5)
					=>		1.25
```

##Variables
*Calculator* can also store user-defined *variables*. The syntax for assigning and using variables is as follows : 
```
	var = value		>	assign 'value' to 'var'
	<var>			>	<var> will be replaced
						by its value.
```			
Following are some valid uses of variables : 
```
	x = 3			=>		 3.0
	y = <x> + 1		=>		 4.0
	(<x>^2 + <y>^2)^0.5	
					=>		 5.0 
```

Nesting of assignments is also supported, as follows : 
```
	x = 1 + (y = 1)		
					=>		 2.0
	<x>				=>		 2.0
	<y>				=>		 1.0
```
A special variable `<ans>` stores the previous expression. Thus, the following is valid : 
```
	1 * 2 * 3 * 4	=>		24.0
	<ans> * 5		=>     120.0
```			
##Functions
*Calculator* supports the use of some basic *functions*. They can be used with the following syntax : 
```
	fnc[ value ]	>	evaluate 'fnc' of 'value'
```

Following are some valid uses of functions : 
```
	sin[<pi> / 2]	=>		 1.0
	1 + abs[2 - 3]	=>		 2.0
	log[<e> ^ 3]	=>		 3.0
```

A complete list of functions :

Function | Value returned
-------- | --------------
`abs[x]` | absolute value of `<x>`
`exp[x]` | exponent of `<x>` (`<e> ^ <x>`)
`log[x]` | logarithm of `<x>` (base `<e>`)
`fct[x]` or `x!` | factorial of `<x>`
`deg[x]` | convert `<x>` to degrees from radians
`rad[x]` | convert `<x>` to radians from degrees
`sin[x]`, `cos[x]`, `tan[x]`, `csc[x]`, `sec[x]`, `ctn[x]` | trigonometric functions  ( `<x>` in radians )
		             

##Commands
*Calculator* interprets expressions starting with `/` as *commands*. These are special expressions which are not parsed 
as mathematical expressions, but as instructions to the *Calculator*.

A complete list of commands :

Command | Purpose
------- | --------
`/help` | general help
`/help vars` | help on *Variables*
`/help funcs` | help on *Functions*
`/help cmds` | help on *Commands*
`/list vars` | list *Variables*
`/list funcs` | list *Functions*
`/list cmds`  or  `/list` | list *Commands*
`/exit` | exit *Calculator*

Commit message:

Finished documentation of com.github.sahasatvik.math

README.md, after:

#Calculator
This is a simple java application written to evaluate mathematical expressions.

##[Documentation](http://htmlpreview.github.io/?http://github.com/sahasatvik/Calculator/master/docs/index.html)
The `docs/` folder in this repository contains an extensive documentation of the libraries used by Calculator.
You can start at `docs/index.html`, or click the link in the header to view the one hosted online.

##Arithmetic Expressions
*Calculator* can evaluate simple arithmetic expressions, using the operators (`+`, `-`, `*`, `/`, `^`(power)), as well as 
parenthesis (`(`, `)`).	*Calculator* follows the BODMAS rule.

####Examples
```
	1 + 1			=>		 2.0
	1 * (2 + 3)		=>		 5.0
	10 * (64 ^ -0.5)
					=>		1.25
```

##Variables
*Calculator* can also store user-defined *variables*. A total of 32 variables can be stored in one runtime.

####Syntax
```
	var = value		>	assign 'value' to 'var'
	<var>			>	<var> will be replaced
						by its value.
```			

####Uses
```
	x = 3			=>		 3.0
	y = <x> + 1		=>		 4.0
	(<x>^2 + <y>^2)^0.5	
					=>		 5.0 
```

####Miscellaneous features
Nesting of assignments is also supported, as follows : 
```
	x = 1 + (y = 1)		
					=>		 2.0
	<x>				=>		 2.0
	<y>				=>		 1.0
```
A special variable `<ans>` stores the previous expression. Thus, the following is valid : 
```
	1 * 2 * 3 * 4	=>		24.0
	<ans> * 5		=>     120.0
```			
##Functions
*Calculator* supports the use of some basic *functions*.

####Syntax
```
	fnc[ value ]	>	evaluate 'fnc' of 'value'
```

####Uses
```
	sin[<pi> / 2]	=>		 1.0
	1 + abs[2 - 3]	=>		 2.0
	log[<e> ^ 3]	=>		 3.0
```

####Supported Functions

Function | Value returned
-------- | --------------
`abs[x]` | absolute value of `<x>`
`exp[x]` | exponent of `<x>` (`<e> ^ <x>`)
`log[x]` | logarithm of `<x>` (base `<e>`)
`fct[x]` or `x!` | factorial of `<x>`
`deg[x]` | convert `<x>` to degrees from radians
`rad[x]` | convert `<x>` to radians from degrees
`sin[x]`, `cos[x]`, `tan[x]`, `csc[x]`, `sec[x]`, `ctn[x]` | trigonometric functions  ( `<x>` in radians )
		             

##Commands
*Calculator* interprets expressions starting with `/` as *commands*. These are special expressions which are not parsed 
as mathematical expressions, but as instructions to the *Calculator*.

####Supported Commands

Command | Purpose
------- | --------
`/help` | general help
`/help vars` | help on *Variables*
`/help funcs` | help on *Functions*
`/help cmds` | help on *Commands*
`/list vars` | list *Variables*
`/list funcs` | list *Functions*
`/list cmds`  or  `/list` | list *Commands*
`/exit` | exit *Calculator*
